[ADD] point_of_sale: documentation to configure razorpay terminal (#8468)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/point_of_sale/payment_methods/terminals/razorpay.rst

========
Razorpay
========

Connecting a Razorpay payment terminal allows you to offer a fluid payment flow to your customers and ease
the work of your cashiers.

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`Use Razorpay as payment provider. <../../../../finance/payment_providers/razorpay>`

Configuration
=============

Configure the payment method
----------------------------

Activate **Razorpay** in the settings by going to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Configuration -->
Settings --> Payment Terminals` and enabling :guilabel:`Razorpay`.

Then, create the payment method:

- Go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Configuration --> Payment Methods`, click

>   :guilabel:`Create`, and complete the :guilabel:`Method` field with your payment method's name;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :guilabel:`Create`, and complete the :guilabel:`Method` field with your payment method's name.
```

- Set the :guilabel:`Journal` field as bank.

  - If you find the field :guilabel:`Integration` set it as terminal then Set the field :guilabel:`Integrate with` as razorpay;

>   - Else set the :guilabel:`Use a Payment Terminal` field as razorpay;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Else set the :guilabel:`Use a Payment Terminal` field as razorpay.
```

========
Razorpay
========

Connecting a Razorpay payment terminal allows you to offer a fluid payment flow to your customers
and ease the work of your cashiers.

> .. seealso::
>    - :doc:`Use Razorpay as payment provider. <../../../../finance/payment_providers/razorpay>`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. seealso::
   :doc:`Use Razorpay as a payment provider. <../../../../finance/payment_providers/razorpay>`
```

Configuration
=============

.. _razorpay/credentials:

Locate your Razorpay credentials
--------------------------------

`Create a Razorpay account <https://razorpay.com/docs/payments/easy-create-account/>`_ and set it up
on their website.

You need the following credentials to set up the payment method in Odoo:

- `API key <https://razorpay.com/docs/payments/dashboard/account-settings/api-keys/>`_
- Razorpay username

> - Razorpay device serial number
> 
>    - You can find your payment terminal serial number under the device or on `Razorpay's dashboard
>      <https://dashboard.razorpay.com/>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Razorpay device serial number, which can be found underneath the device or on `Razorpay's dashboard
     <https://dashboard.razorpay.com/>`_.
```
to avoid having just one sub-list item (you could also use a tip for this) and make it clear that the number is on the device

Configure the payment method
----------------------------

#. :doc:`Activate the POS Razorpay module <../../../../general/apps_modules>` to enable the
   payment terminal.
#. :doc:`Create the related payment method <../../payment_methods>` by going to
   :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Configuration --> Payment Methods`.

   #. Set the :guilabel:`Journal` type as :guilabel:`Bank`.
   #. Select :guilabel:`Razorpay` in the :guilabel:`Use a Payment Terminal` field.
   #. Enter your username in the :guilabel:`Razorpay Username` field and your device's serial number
      in the :guilabel:`Razorpay Device Serial No` field.
   #. Fill in the :guilabel:`Razorpay API Key` field with the :ref:`Razorpay API key
      <razorpay/credentials>`.
   #. Set the :guilabel:`Razorpay Allowed Payment Modes` according to your needs.

   .. image:: razorpay/create-method-razorpay.png
      :alt: Razorpay connection form

   .. note::
      - Click :guilabel:`Identify Customer` to allow this payment method **exclusively** for
        identified customers. For any unidentified customers to be able to pay with Razorpay, leave

>         the :guilabel:`Identify Customer` field unchecked.

Reviewer 2: I think this should be described on the Payment methods doc page instead since it's not specific to Razorpay
